TMIS Feb (#517)
solid/solidproject.org: _posts/newsletter/next.md

Three presenters gave us an idea of just what it’s like to create a Solid application. Our first presenter [Noel DeMartin](https://noeldemartin.com/) gave us a demo of [Media Kraken](https://noeldemartin.github.io/media-kraken/login). Noel showcased the different ways you can log into and store the media/entertainment data in the application and on your computer. One of the significant aspects of the presentation was when Noel opened the door for other applications to interoperate with Media Kraken. One thing that makes Solid unique is creating interoperability between all servers, clients, and applications. Noel’s presentation reminds us of how possible it is. He is also a great point of reference when starting. If you’re new, check out his [journal](https://noeldemartin.com/tasks/).

> Next, Jasmine Leonard presented [PodExplorer](https://podexplorer.gigalixirapp.com/login). Jasmine is new to the Solid community, joining in late 2020. While learning how to get engaged she built her application. When using the app, you can access data from your pod, upload, delete and view various files. During the presentation, Jasmine shared a few resources that helped build the PodExplorer—mentioning places like the [Solid Forum](https://forum.solidproject.org/), [Solid Website](http://solidproject.org/), and [GitHub Repos](https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org). In the future, Jasmine expects to add additional functionality to PodExplore, such as: bulk actions, managing the access of data, and finding files in your pod. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, Jasmine Leonard presented [PodExplorer](https://podexplorer.gigalixirapp.com). Jasmine is new to the Solid community, joining in late 2020. While learning how to get engaged with Solid she built her application. When using the app, you can access data from your pod, upload, delete and view various files. During the presentation, Jasmine shared a few resources that helped build the PodExplorer—mentioning places like the [Solid Forum](https://forum.solidproject.org/), [Solid Website](http://solidproject.org/), and [GitHub Repos](https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org). In the future, Jasmine expects to add additional functionality to PodExplorer, such as: bulk actions, managing the access of data, and finding files in your pod. 
```

Reviewer: "Learning how to get engaged" does feel a bit distant, even with the "with Solid" addition. How about "learning how to work with Solid"?

Finally, Hindia Mohammed from [Ekseli](https://ekseli.fi/) gave us a business to business (B2B) view of applications. Hindia, the CTO of Ekseli,  presented Projectware. The project management application provides two interfaces: the Delivery and Sales Portals. In addition to presenting Projectware, Hindia shared the ways Ekseli engages in the Solid Community. Contributions in various facets are essential for the Solid ecosystem to thrive. 
 

> This Solid World was certainly rewarding to see new, consistent, and supportive Solid community members present at Solid World. It’s important to note that Solid welcomes all level developers (beginners to seasoned) and those new to the community. If you would like to learn more about presenting at a future Solid World, please fill out [this form](https://es1cz4pb7oi.typeform.com/to/nietD34f). As we continue to build on Solid, we also need to give new community members the resources and spaces to be active. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Solid World was certainly rewarding to see new, consistent, and supportive Solid community members present at Solid World. It’s important to note that Solid welcomes developers of all levels (beginners to seasoned) and those new to the community. If you would like to learn more about presenting at a future Solid World, please fill out [this form](https://es1cz4pb7oi.typeform.com/to/nietD34f). As we continue to build on Solid, we also need to give new community members the resources and spaces to be active. 
```

  
### [Press](https://solidproject.org/press)

### Community Spotlight

* [Digita](https://www.digita.ai/) for their [introduction videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA22hu-0VEHt5tCc7jad74g)

> * Virginia Balseiro created the [Women of Solid](https://www.womenofsolid.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Virginia Balseiro](https://www.virginiabalseiro.com) created the [Women of Solid](https://www.womenofsolid.org/)
```
